good evening thanks for staying up late
with us I'm Monica Otto I'm Scott Dennis
thanks for being with us a man nickname
both God's dental assistant and the
spiritual Tooth Fairy is visiting
Sarasota this week Reverend Stephen
Jones travels the world claiming he can
fix dental problems through prayer that
story is new at eleven ABC 7th Amanda
Standells is here with how it all works
Amanda well Scott Reverend Steven Jones
says he's always prayed for people but
one day way back when he got a strange
feeling in his hand and he started
dreaming about rivers of gold and silver
he said it was his calling to be a
dental healer and now he has quite a few
faithful followers
the music vibrated your body but for
this crowd it was their faith they felt
in their chest faith in Reverend Stephen
Jones bet her lord a miracle for thy
glory Jesus nickname God's dental
assistant Jones claims he can work
miracles on the mouth by simply praying
for the problem we've seen people that's
had teeth correct for as long as 47
years their teeth fixed and this is a
crowd of believers aetna reading drove
down from st. Petersburg just to see him
I have had tooth pain and on through him
I have I no longer have that pain Jones
calls to the front whoever he's praying
for he always puts his hand on her jaw
and many in the crowd raised her hand
and then Jones does the work and I
called done what I cannot see that you
may be glorified on earth touch for thy
glory John says it's not him who fixes
the teeth it's God he says in his nearly
20 years of doing this he's seen crooked
teeth straighten in front of them and
fillings change from silver to gold he
called me up to see if I could see this
woman's feelings change I couldn't but
John says it doesn't always happen right
away and he says he doesn't mind the
skeptics the greatest works i CNT those
people who don't believe it's faith you
have to have faith gotta have faith in
God
and it doesn't work without it and John
says even if you don't believe if those
in this crowd leave feeling better
that's the proof that God exists well
here's what I tell people you can bring
me anybody you want check their teeth
with why don't care whether they believe
they don't believe I don't care what
nationality or religion they are you
document them and I'll prove to you that
there's a creator so Reverend Steven
Jones will be back out inside the chem
Clark building at the sarasota county
fairgrounds again tomorrow night from
seven to nine p.m. scott amanda thanks